When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    A remote repository allows me and any collaborators to access the repository from any computer

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    Although it could be useful to pull automatically in many cases, if you have many collaborators what you could be pulling may not be ready to interact well will your local programs.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    Forks are cloning repos directly and only on GitHub from one account to another. 
    You use this when you want to work off of someone elses repo on GitHub but not actually affect their repo
    Clones are copying an entire repos onto your local machine; they can be from the web/GitHub or locally stored
    Clones are made when you will be pulling an entire directry to work on locally.
    Branches occur within a repository to allow for modifications of the code in a "safe" way---These have nothing to do with storing/copying an entire repository


What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    This enables you to look at someone collaboration offline and decide how to merge the repos

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    You could use other cloud file sharing platforms or shared virtual drives or email the file back and forth. This would be much harder because you would not be able to track changes of who made what and you would likely create lots of conflicts.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    It is advantageous to make changes in a separate branch for the purpose of collaboration so that different users can work on various things without changing the master and as mentioned earlier branches enable us to develop features in a "safe" environment.
